(upbeat music)
- [Narrator] It's time to once again,
leverage the work that we have done,
in a challenge exercise.
Well we're going to follow the exact same script
that we did for our Python operations.
So let's review that.
We're going to have you create a temporary bucket.
Upload one of your files to that bucket.
Copy a file from an existing bucket into this new bucket.
Get the files that are in this new bucket
and print them out.
Download a file.
Generate a presigned URL.
Delete the files and then delete the bucket.
And if you try to delete the bucket
before you delete the files,
you might notice an error.
So always delete the files first.
And if you don't believe me, give it a shot.
All right, have at it and we'll be back in a few
and show you a solution.